that's our one clothes I've never know
what he said but if you stay it won't
matter
Delana please please please
Elena there's no there's another way
Stefan it's for you to fight
I love you all right
don't give up
now this is fascinating I've never seen
this before the only thing stronger than
your craving for blood is your love for
this one girl why don't you turn it off
no come on your humanity is filling you
all the guilt must be exhausting turned
it off no you're strong but you're not
that strong
turn it off
and you do
affection I think a toast is in order
don't you wrap up perhaps you'd like a
drink
from the doppelgangers neck
you